the first trick I'm going to show you on
the wall trick section is a wall spin
but I put my hands on and use them to
spin my body around the wall it's always
a good idea to figure out what side you
prefer to side flip to it's gonna be the
exact same setup here so if I put my
left hand on bottom I'm gonna approach
from the right side running at
diagonally and vice-versa if I want put
my right hand on the wall I'm gonna
approach it from the left coming at a
diagonal so with my left hand on bottom
that is where all my supports gonna be
as if I'm just holding myself on it like
that so the left hands purpose is to be
the lever so as the hands go on my
body's gonna rotate around that axis and
my right hand is gonna go on simply pull
my body through now this is not a side
flip don't think of it as a flip or
you're gonna be pushing yourself away
from the wall think of it as a goofy
cartwheel so where the hands are on and
the body's coming perfectly sideways
around it not on the flip but like I
said a goofy cartwheel so let's take a
look at the hand placement as we come in
as I run I'm gonna have my left leg in
front my left hand is gonna come on my
body is going to jump over my right hand
so I want to think of getting my knees
to where my right hand is remember all
my weight is on this hand this the right
hand is simply just to act as a force to
push so it's gonna come around I'm gonna
push and I'm going to be looking over my
left shoulder the whole time we'll go
over the left shoulder
and you're there now try not to get too
close to the wall you actually want to
jump at the wall and you want to be
forceful with it you get too close to
the wall as well as it's going to knock
you over so you have to push the wall
away from you so the left hand work
there's pushing away it's pushing away
not coming off it's pushing away from
you getting your body far enough away
from the wall so that you can spin over
it
again this is the axis this is what you
spin over the actual execution of it
here are some tips that are gonna help
you with that so instead of putting your
left hand on the wall to learn how to
practice this put it on the ground so
your left hand will be on the ground
your right hand will be on the wall and
you're gonna learn how to put all your
weight on that left hand to flip it
around so again left hand on the ground
right hand on the wall you're gonna
learn how to push like that now like I
said all your weight is gonna be allowed
on your left arm so get your body used
to that that drill is great to build up
the strength and the technique all that
changes now is that it's going to come
up vertically
so notice how I'm not jumping at the
wall from a far distance I'm trying to
get pretty snug to it and I'm actually
trying to jump up to my left hand to
create that leverage point so instead of
jumping at the wall with low you're
actually trying to jump up on to the
wall and then initiate it
so height rather than super manning at
it and that is how you do a wall spin